c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.exe.config
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.exe
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.pdb
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.exe
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.pdb
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.exe.manifest
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.application
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.exe.manifest
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.application
c:\users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.Main.resources
C:\Users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\obj\Debug\Quiz.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\this_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiz\Quiz\bin\Debug\Quiz.sqlite
